Everyone, thanks to my hard work, the company won the title in July.
Here today, I have the hard work to promote a few relatives,
They are also very capable and don’t want to jump,
Bringing such a big deal to the company,
Company father, Lao An,
Early in the morning, Lao An came,
Bai Shaoqian, whatever plan you make,
Take this area for our company,
I still want Ma Gong to be old,
Again I round my bones,
How many houses can Lao An apply for?
Above is the main palace, Yuan Palace.
Company price line, connected, counter-prepared,
Three early three early three early three early three early three early three early three early three early three early three early three early three early three early three early three early three early three early three early three early three early three early three mornings three mornings three mornings three mornings three mornings three mornings three mornings
You mean my future son-in-law is six thousand?
Isn’t it true that the first month of the year is 120,000 yuan?
For a sweetheart like you
All have such a good start
It’s good to hate together, Mr. Sun
I should ask more questions
It seems that you and the former sales director didn't agree with each other before.
What you promised me back then
As long as I win the PepsiCo project
Young master found 20,000
Just to live beyond the subjective level
It seems that he has also come in and out of you. He is finished.
A new guy last night
To have such a mind to wait for
Are you still not satisfied?
And he won the list of the Bai period
It's not the work of one person, is it?
You want it right now
Where do you think Chen Jingyang is?
You made everyone think so
You make me less able to serve you
unimportant things
young people doing sex
Or it would be a big drama
Otherwise, the company would be concerned
But it’s definitely not the case that the prince is dead, brother
This sales director position
I already have someone chosen
It's your illegitimate daughter
Is Mo Chenzheng right?
Of course not
He is. Hello everyone.
I am the sales director of Xinri. Fortunately
Bring me a good guy called Mr. Sun
Did you hear the conversation you just had with this employee?
Projects before the day, my previous class
I think this is indeed the work this worker put in.
The salary will increase to 20,000
As for knowing how to do it?
Hosted by
he's in my place
Then what should I do?
That's good
We're done
Good but way out
Is this okay?